1) Open your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, etc)
2) Visit:  https://codigos.herokuapp.com
3) If visiting for the first time, CLick on Register link and Register yourself onto our website
4) Login using your credentials
5) Now, there are two options for you to get your essay validated and get it’s corresponding score:
	5a) Pasting text:
		Beside "Enter essay text here”, you can directly start entering your text here or can paste it from any other source (txt, pdf, etc.)

	5b) Uploading text file (File strictly utf-8 chars and either no extension or txt only):
		You can directly upload an already written essay file, by clicking on the “Upload essay” button and hence, no need to copy and paste the text onto the website.
6) Once done with any of the steps 5(a) or 5(b), just click on the “Evaluate” button and Voila!! Your Essay score is in front of you. (Evaluated on a scale of 0-100)



Note: 
EX 1) For getting accurate results, the input text (your essay) shall only consist of any combination of English alphabet, special characters and mathematical digits.
The input text (your essay) shall consist of at least 7 words.
Entering the text: “Aditya Jain is an IITian!”
The text only consists of 5 words which doesn’t meet the requirement as mentioned above.
As a result, the score predicted by the grader is 0.0.



EX 2) Essay to be pasted: A true friendship is the most precious gift of the life of persons involved in it. A person is called very lucky having true friends in his/her life. True friendship gives us memorable, sweet and pleasant experiences of many types in the life. Friendship is the most precious asset of one’s life which he/she never wants to lose. True friendship leads two or more persons involved in it towards success without any demotion in life. Searching a best friend is not an easy process, sometimes we get success and sometimes we lose because of misunderstandings to each other.
Friendship is a devoted feeling of love to which we can share anything about our life and care for each other always. A friend is someone who understands and appreciates other one without any exaggeration. True friends never becomes greedy to each other instead they want to give something better to each other in life. There are any boundaries or differentiation of age, caste, race, creed and sex exist between them. They know the realities of each other and live satisfactorily by helping each other.
Human is a social being and cannot live alone; he/she needs someone to share his/her feelings of joy or sorrow. Generally, a successful friendship exists between persons of same age, character and background. Friends are the loyal support for each other who aimlessly support during bad moments of life.
	Expected Score: 21.67/100



EX 3) Cow is very useful animal and gives us milk. Milk is considered as the complete and nutritious food. Cow is a domestic and religious animal. In India, it is ritual and custom to worship Cow. Cow’s milk is used in the pooja, abhisek and other holy purposes. Cow is called by everyone as “Gau Mata” to give her mother like status in the Hindu religion. It has a large body, four legs, one long tail, two horns, two ear, two eyes, one big nose, one big mouth and one head. It is found in almost every regions of the country.
It is found in different shapes and sizes. Cow found in our country become small however big cows are found in other countries. We should take good care of the cow and give her goods quality of food and clean water. She eats green grasses, food, grains, hay and other things. First she chews the food well and slowly and swallows to her stomach. Her back is long and wide.
	Expected score: 63.33/100






Contribute to our website

- Using this feature, you can contribute to our website, just to make future training better and hence can avail the benefits of its accuracy later on.
- All you need to do is:
1) Click on contribute button
1) Type text of your Essay
2) Type the topic of your Essay
3) Type the score of the Essay evaluated by you (manual checking)
4) Click on the Contribute! button.


Just by completing these steps, you have successfully contributed for a great cause!
From now on, you are a Codigo!!
